ignore file in .ocamlformat-ignore (#606)
ocaml-ppx/ocamlformat: README.md

When the option `--disable-outside-detected-project` is set, .ocamlformat files outside of the project (including the one in `XDG_CONFIG_HOME`) are not read. The project root of an input file is taken to be the nearest ancestor directory that contains a .git or .hg or dune-project file. If no config file is found, formatting is disabled.

An `.ocamlformat-ignore` file specifies files that OCamlFormat should

> ignore.  Each line in an ocamlformat-ignore file specifies a filename

Reviewer: For .ocamlformat config files, we seem to keep the leading `.` whenever referring to them.

> relative to the dir of the ocamlformat-ignore file. Lines starting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
relative to the directory containing the ocamlformat-ignore file. Lines starting
```

with `#` are ignored and can be used as comments.

> 

Reviewer: I don't know if it matters to anything that renders md, but note that the existing file is 1 paragraph per line and this addition isn't.
